Create CSS Entry for floats (#618)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/float/float.md

---
Title: 'Floats'

> Description: ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'The float property moves an element to the left or right within its parent, outside of the default positioning.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Floats'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-css'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `float` propertie moves an element with in its parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The float property moves an element to the left or right within its parent, outside of the default positioning.
```

## Syntax

> The `float` property takes 3 different values. They are, `left`, `right`, and `none`. The value `left` makes the element float on the left of a parent. The value `right` makes the element float on the right of a parent. The value `none` makes the element not float at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `float` property takes 3 different values. They are, `left`, `right`, and `none`. The value `left` makes the element float on the left of a parent. The value `right` makes the element float on the right of a parent.  The floating element will render beside elements with the default positioning. The value `none` removes the floating property from an element.
```
